cupsctl, lpq, lprm, lpadmin, lpoptions: add pages (#11745)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/lpoptions.md

# lpoptions

> Display or set printer options and defaults.
> See also: `lpadmin`.
> More information: <https://www.cups.org/doc/man-lpoptions.html>.

- Set the default printer:

`lpoptions -d {{printer[/instance]}}`

> - [l]ist printer-specific options of a specific printer:
> 
> `lpoptions -d {{printer}} -l`
> 
> - Set a new [o]ption on a specific printer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List printer-specific options of a specific printer:

`lpoptions -d {{printer}} -l`

- Set a new option on a specific printer:
```

> `lpoptions -d {{printer}} -o {{option[=value]}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`lpoptions -d {{printer}} -o {{option}}`
```
